build: Migrate from Webpack to Vite (closes #146, resolves #238). (#175)
y-scope/yscope-log-viewer: docs/src/dev-guide/optimization-guide.md

# Optimization guide

> This document outlines strategies and tools used to optimize the size and load time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This doc outlines strategies and tools used to optimize the build's size and load time.
```

## Bundle analysis

> We use [`vite-bundle-visualizer`][vite-bundle-visualizer] to analyze the output bundle. To generate
> a bundle analysis report, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To generate a bundle analysis report, run:
```

```shell
npm run analyze:size
```

> This will generate an interactive visual breakdown of bundle contents, helping identify large
> dependencies and optimization opportunities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will use [`vite-bundle-visualizer`][vite-bundle-visualizer] to generate an interactive visual
breakdown of bundle contents, helping identify large dependencies and optimization opportunities.
```

## Future strategies

> The following strategies are planned for future optimization:
> * **Code splitting**: We can split the code into smaller chunks to improve load time. This can be
>   achieved by using dynamic imports for large modules or components that are not needed immediately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The following optimization strategies are planned for the future:

* **Code splitting**: We can split the code into smaller chunks to improve load time, especially
  when using lazy loading.
```

* **Lazy loading**: We can load components or modules only when they are needed. This can be
  achieved by using dynamic imports or React's `lazy()` and `Suspense` features.

[vite-bundle-visualizer]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/vite-bundle-visualizer

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
